#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ - Butterfly"
(Shooting for the teaser video as full group is finished!)
HaSeul: Shooting teaser video is done!
HaSeul: Today everyone dressed the same clothes and shot the video, right?
HaSeul: So I'm so curious how it will come out on the teaser video!
Yves: The most impressive part was acting like a chrysalis~
Yves: This idea from director was absolutely brilliant!
(Make some noise, Orbit, too!)
Yves: They film us very beautifullly
Yves: So it feels like I'm filming commercials~
Chuu: And awesome hair transformation of HaSeul!
HaSeul: I've never cut my hair like this, the bob hairstyle
HaSeul: So when I dry my hair~
HaSeul: It was like... it's a little hard to manage
Kim Lip: So, as much as we changed dramatically, like this purple hair
Kim Lip: I hope you will look forward to our performances and upcoming promotion~
Kim Lip: See you!
Kim Lip: Although we don't know when it will happen....
Yves: Say goodbye with this hand sign~
(Please give a lot of love to Butterfly~